W-15501808-Add-ACB-to-coverage-Maven-concept-CP (#280)
mulesoft/docs-munit: modules/ROOT/pages/coverage-maven-concept.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:page-partial:

> :page-deployment-options: acb-ide, studio-ide

Reviewer: I built this locally, but the pills don't show up. Should they show up?

Author: TBH, I don't know if the local build has the property to show the pills. 
The pills appear in your beta site, though ;)

// tag::coverage-report[]

> Since MUnit 2.x, the coverage report goal is integrated with the Maven reporting section. MUnit generates Coverage Reports during the Maven `site` lifecycle, during the `coverage-report` goal.

Reviewer: Not sure if we use "Since" in this way or not because it has 2 potential meanings, the one you are using and also "because". Anyway, not sure if we have a style policy on this word. 

Sometimes, I write the wordy, "Versions 2.x and above integrate the coverage report into the Maven reporting section... " Or something. But again, not sure if we care about "Since"

Reviewer: Why is it "Coverage Reports" in some cases and "coverage report" in others?

Author: Thanks for mentioning the "since". Reworded it! ;) 
And it should be "coverage report" (just a report) and "MUnit Coverage" (an MUnit feature).
Thanks!

> The following configurations apply if you execute your MUnit tests using the Maven plugin. They don't apply when running tests from Anypoint Code Builder or Anypoint Studio.

Reviewer: Is this going to be easy for people to see and easy for us to maintain? 

"They don't apply when running tests from Anypoint Code Builder or Anypoint Studio."

Reviewer: I think it raises the question of whether we are missing a quick and easy way to identify situations where neither IDE is supported via pills. Not sure if there's time for this, but what we have in ACB is 2 versions of each pill, one that sort of looks active and another that looks inactive.

In this way, you could have inactive pills for situations like this.

Author: @dukesphere, great point! 
Do you mean that all pages should have ACB and Studio pills?
In some cases, they should be greyed out and in some cases, they should be colorful. Right?

                <format>console</format>
                <format>html</format>
            </formats>

>         </>

Reviewer 2: why are we removing "coverage" word here?

Author: What a great catch! 
It seems I deleted it by mistake.
Thanks for mentioning it!

== Coverage Report Types

> When enabling MUnit Coverage, you see a summary report in the console:

Reviewer: Do our style guidelines allow for the word "see"? I've wondered about accessibility. If is an issue here, maybe reformulate: 

When you enable MUnit Coverage, the console displays a summary report. 

or maybe

An summary report appears in the console when you enable MUnit Coverage. 

¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Author: What a great point! 
Though it is not in the blocklist, it can be considered a term for the inclusive language term list.
Thanks!

MUnit Coverage offers four types of reports:

* Console report +
The console report prints in the console. It works with the summary report and shows an overview of the MUnit run, with a count of all resources, flows, and processors, as well as the overall application coverage level, and warnings and errors if any.

* HTML report +

> The HTML report shows the same information as the console report but it's formatted to fit any web browser. It's available in the `${application.path}/target/site/munit/coverage/` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTML report shows the same information as the console report but is formatted to fit any web browser. It's available in the `${application.path}/target/site/munit/coverage/` path.
```

Author: Thanks!

* JSON report +

> The JSON report shows the same information as the HTML report but in a JSON format. It's available in the `${application.path}/target/site/munit/coverage/munit-coverage.json` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON report provides the same information as the HTML report but in a JSON format. It's available at `${application.path}/target/site/munit/coverage/munit-coverage.json`.
```

Author: Thanks!
